chore(http): Refresh headers r-s (#36590)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/http/headers/repr-digest/index.md

{{HTTPSidebar}}

> The HTTP **`Repr-Digest`** {{Glossary("Request header", "request")}} and {{Glossary("Response header", "response header")}} provides a {{Glossary("digest")}} of the [selected representation](https://www.rfc-editor.org/rfc/rfc9110#section-6.4) of the target resource.

Reviewer: We should use a glossary entry instead of RFC link for selected representation.

Author: changed in e996e9a338a7a213fd54d5119d951b02543dc249, what do you think?

> Variants in {{HTTPHeader("Content-Encoding")}} and {{HTTPHeader("Content-Range")}}, for example, have no influence on the `Repr-Digest` digests, as opposed to the {{HTTPHeader("Content-Digest")}}, which does vary based on such changes to message content.

Reviewer: This is very confusing. I think perhaps

```suggestion

The representation digest applies to the whole resource rather than the encoding or chunking of the messages that are used to send it. This differs from {HTTPHeader("Content-Digest")}}  which applies to the content of a particular message, and is therefore is affected by the  {{HTTPHeader("Content-Encoding")}} and {{HTTPHeader("Content-Range")}} of each message.
```

Author: Yeah this is better, thanks.

    </tr>
    <tr>
      <th scope="row">{{Glossary("Forbidden header name")}}</th>
      <td>No</td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>

## Syntax

```http
Repr-Digest: <digest-algorithm>=<digest-value>

// Multiple digest algorithms
Repr-Digest: <digest-algorithm>=<digest-value>,<digest-algorithm>=<digest-value>
```

## Directives

- `<digest-algorithm>`
  - : The algorithm used to create a digest of the representation.
    Only two registered digest algorithms are considered secure: `sha-512` and `sha-256`.
    The insecure (legacy) registered digest algorithms are: `md5`, `sha` (SHA-1), `unixsum`, `unixcksum`, `adler` (ADLER32) and `crc32c`.
- `<digest-value>`
  - : The digest in bytes of the representation using the `<digest-algorithm>`.

>     The choice of digest algorithm also determines the encoding to use: `sha-512` and `sha-256` use base64 encoding, while some legacy digest algorithms such as `unixsum` use a decimal integer.

Reviewer: Glossary link  base64

    In contrast to earlier drafts of the specification, the standard-base64-encoded digest bytes are wrapped in colons (`:`, ASCII 0x3A) as part of the [dictionary syntax](https://www.rfc-editor.org/rfc/rfc8941#name-byte-sequences).

> ### Usage notes

Author: We have a mix of "Usage notes" and "Description" sections, related to the previous PR. It would be good to choose a convention for that.

Reviewer: Yes. I vote description. 

Not necessarily and easy change though - these usage notes are in some cases just notes. For example here you couldn't just change the heading and expect it to "work" as a fix.

Author: changed in e996e9a338a7a213fd54d5119d951b02543dc249

Author: (I removed the section title in this case)

> Usage of digest algorithms which are considered insecure is discouraged as collisions can realistically be forced, rendering the digest's usefulness weak.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Usage of insecure digest algorithms is discouraged as collisions can realistically be forced, rendering the digest's usefulness weak.
```

Unless working with legacy systems (which is unlikely since most will expect the legacy {{HTTPHeader("Digest")}} header and not understand this specification), consider omitting a `Repr-Digest` instead of including one with an insecure digest algorithm.

## Examples

### HTTP response where `Repr-Digest` and `Content-Digest` coincide

> An HTTP server may send content octets equivalent to the selected representation's octets.

Reviewer: What this is saying is that if you send the representation bytes as-is then the content is the same as the representation, so the content and repr digests will be the same. 

```suggestion
An HTTP server may send the whole representation unencoded in a single message.
In this case, `Repr-Digest` and `Content-Digest` have equal values for the same digest algorithms:
```

In this case, `Repr-Digest` and `Content-Digest` have equal values for the same digest algorithms:

```http
…
Repr-Digest: sha-256=:AEGPTgUMw5e96wxZuDtpfm23RBU3nFwtgY5fw4NYORo=:
Content-Digest: sha-256=:AEGPTgUMw5e96wxZuDtpfm23RBU3nFwtgY5fw4NYORo=:
…
Content-Type: text/yaml

> Content-Encoding: identity

Reviewer: `identity` not documented in https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Headers/Content-Encoding but seems to mean "unencoded".

Author: done in https://github.com/mdn/content/commit/e996e9a338a7a213fd54d5119d951b02543dc249

Content-Length: 38054
Content-Range: 0-38053/38054
…

[message body]
```

### HTTP responses where `Repr-Digest` and `Content-Digest` diverge

> A static file server may compress an HTML page, meaning the {{HTTPHeader("Content-Digest")}} will have a different value to the `Repr-Digest` header in a response, given the same digest algorithm:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A server may compress the content for sending.
In this case {{HTTPHeader("Content-Digest")}} will depend on the {{HTTPHeader("Content-Encoding")}}, and will therefore have a different value to the `Repr-Digest` header in a response:
```
